welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the Logitech for business BCC 950
conference can now it comes in a very
plain brown box because this is not all
about the you know the fancy-pants
packaging that've that a retail oriented
SKU would would be focused on but this
is all about the functionality enabled
by this device and some of the really
cool software applications that it can
be integrated with so they say right on
the package that it's optimized for
Microsoft Lync Microsoft Lync is more
than just sort of a regular consumer
chat client it is it like an
enterprise-grade chat client so it
allows you to use things like instant
messaging so this were used to things
like just sort of person-to-person
messaging this we're used to conference
video messaging this we're used to but
it also integrates with entire room
video conference systems all the way
down to the webcam built into your
notebook it also has a lot of
collaborative sharing stuff so it's
integrated with things like OneNote so
you can collaborate on that as you go
while you're giving presentations in
Microsoft Lync you can you know play a
PowerPoint with sound and it'll work and
so it works with I think it's I think
link does up to 720p but this particular
webcam is 1080p so if you wanted to use
it with a different client then that
would be fine
due to the recent acquisition of Skype
Microsoft Lync is also fully integrated
with that so there's a lot of really
really neat stuff you can do but what is
the actual usage case for something like
this and why is video collaboration so
important I guess are the real questions
that you may or may not be asking
yourself so as companies I don't know
outsource to different places or as they
you know spread out and have larger
campuses as they grow you need to still
find ways to collaborate that don't
involve getting in a plane and traveling
somewhere because it's extremely
expensive and very inefficient the
amount of time that gets wasted sitting
on planes is absolutely ridiculous so
it's not that easy to take something
like a notebook which has you know a
very narrow angle lens
on its webcam and it's usually not the
highest-quality thing in the world
although I'm not specifically picking on
this notebook it was just the nearest
one sitting here so crowding people
around it to give a presentation or
whatever else isn't isn't necessarily
practical so this aims to bridge the gap
between something like a full room
conference system and something like the
cheesy webcam that's built into your
notebook so I'm just going to show you
guys how it assembles and why it comes
with a remote I think the remote is
actually one of the coolest things about
it so we go ahead a little stick that
goes right here oh yeah it has a fully
built-in speakerphone so that's that's
neat as well because it's sort of a
one-piece thing that fits in the middle
of a conference room and then you don't
actually have to have anything else
sitting there I mean it looks sort of
space-age and cool and then like the
conference room at the at a place where
I used to work there's like a
speakerphone and then there's like sort
of a random notebook there and then
there's like another device and then and
we're not even set up for for video
conferencing yet so this guy right here
replaces all of that stuff and then you
can even use you don't have to use Lync
because it's just a standard web cabinet
uses h.264 encoding for video so it'll
work just you can use it with anything
whether it's FaceTime works with Apple
and Windows whether it's Skype itself
whether it is something more advanced
like Microsoft Lync or Cisco's sharing
software let's go ahead and plug it in
just for lulz okay so let's do a quick
product tour here there's volume up and
down mute hang-up start call that's for
the speakerphone functionality here zoom
in zoom out as well as rotational
functionality and then what you'll
notice here is on the remote all that is
built-in as well so you can answer and
terminate calls zoom in zoom out move it
around control volume and mute things so
the remote is sort of the magical part
because being able to move the camera
from one person to another from one
angle to another allows you to basically
be sitting in front of it going okay you
know blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
but then I've also got this thing on the
wall over there that I'd like you to
look at so go ahead and look at that
zoom in you got your computer sitting
next to you anyway so you're monitoring
what
vacancy is pretty much any chat client
ever supports that and that's the
scenario so basically it's a high
quality webcam that's mounted to an arm
that turns around goes up and down zooms
in and out and has an integrated high
quality speakerphone I think that if you
don't see the application of this then
you're probably not one of the people
who could benefit from it but something
like this can be easily deployed in
something like I mean you know smaller
organizations don't necessarily have
eight different full-size conference
rooms with full video conferencing
built-in you know $500,000 thing so this
allows you to take any small little
office put a desk in it put you know a
couple wiring jacks into it and turn it
into a video conference room because you
just put like a whiteboard on the wall
you have one of these on the desk you
have like sort of three or four people
sitting around it and it's usable that
way so I hope that pretty much covers
everything you'd like to know about it
there's also a headphone jack just in
case you wanted to use that the whole
thing plugs in via USB so there's
nothing sort of unexpected there and
slicks sort of telling me something oh
it looks like you don't have to use the
stick maybe that's what he's telling me
so if you don't want the height adjust
and you're just going to use it on your
desk and you just want something that's
sort of a fully integrated speakerphone
webcam thing then that's an option as
well I didn't even I didn't even notice
that okay it still moves side to side oh
oh
probably yeah it probably still moves up
and down in side to side that's very
cool well there you go
don't forget to subscribe Linus tech
tips for more unboxings reviews and
other computer videos it kind of reminds
me of the guy from not Star Wars a new
hope they've had the thing that comes
out of the swamp when they get pushed
into the garbage compactor it's like do
two and then it just goes down
you